---
layout: post
title:  "progeny"
date:   2023-01-01 00:00:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---


Based on excerpts from [this forum post][r] of a person claiming to be a Rothchild.

[r]: https://archive.ph/mfGtI

Reincarnation is growth, which has been packaged and stripped of its meaning by the so-called new agers.

Purity of bloodlines is the essence of history. Most of the first world "nations" have been weakened by dilution of bloodlines under the banner of cultural diversity. An old trick, but highly effective.

The movie Dr Strangelove put out the POE (purity of essence) meme, but people laugh it off as the ravings of a madman.

Check out how Israel handles the issue of blood lines within their country, but they too are falling...

There is "noise" in every bloodline! The real question is how the patriarchs deal with the "noise"!

Remember that suspension bridge in Oregon USA, Tacoma Narrows I believe...so that would be Washington USA then.

Any matter, resonant frequency reduced it to rubble as engineers watched. They were unable to suppress the self-feedback loop and the whole thing came apart. Watch the video!

Consider the same forces genetically. DNA. Bloodlines need to be pruned and tended for the long haul. No way around that, but tell that to your average person!

A person is the physical now manifestation of the bloodline. A representative or token...of no special significance. The bloodline is everything!

Take care with your bloodline, Dear Sir or Madam!

If you have passion, and that passion is great, others with similar passion will take up your cause. And you will prevail.

Be forewarned, however, that ultimately your passion will destroy you and your dreams.

Dream rather that your progeny will have the type of team you desire and begin to lay the foundation for them!

Think in terms of the possibility that all moments in time exist concurrently. Future and past are simple minded constructs!

Bloodlines imply a progression of sorts.

Bloodlines relegate the individual at any point in time as a mere placeholder

to what end the fountain of youth? Just another distraction for the uninitiated

The child holds the purity of the human spirit. That's why they have to be "educated". Pity, that.

Do not see your life as a compartmentalized time unit. You are part of a stream...a river....flowing through the veins of your ancestors and future progeny.

Like it or not, you owe a debt to those who came before and a greater debt to those yet to come. Yet you squander your little energy and few neurons railing on about things for which you have no knowledge!

At least go out to the motorway and collect empty soda cans for scrap. You will have at least made SOME contribution then as critical thought is not your long suit.

You cannot un-ask a question. Once it is put out there, it has to be dealt with on its own terms.

The act of "selflessness" is just that...an act. Programming put out by various self interested parties and institutions. It does not exist in Nature, which is where you need to take your cues from.

When one accumulates a surplus of resources, why would it be "human nature" to release these to an unrelated other without parity consideration? You likely notice that so called benefactors of one form and another do receive compensation of sorts...peer recognition, status and, almost always, some form of quid pro quo...unseen and withheld from the unwashed masses.

Selfishness and selflessness are artificial constructs! Please provide one such example of selflessness occurring in Nature...even one! Existing outside of the bloodline, that is.

When a hawk captures a field mouse and feeds its young, no one thinks anything to be amiss. Clearly, the hawk benefits by protecting its progeny, the young benefit by virtue of surviving and only the mouse, in its death, loses.

Was the mouse selfless in its sacrifice? Not quite...it was stupid (in being exposed) and had insufficient defenses to protect itself. The parent mice spent their lives doing things other than teaching the young how to avoid hawks.

In terms of your second question, the bloodline can be traced back to the very beginning. Because YOU cannot do so, or do not attach significance to recording and disseminating such information, does not mean others act the same way!

Notice that in the Old Testament, a significant amount of detail is accorded to the lineage in the very beginning. Have you bothered to read this? Have you wondered why it was so important that it receives so much attention in such a revered document?

Of course, were you to understand the importance of bloodlines, you would know that, uniformly, family clans in both east and west regard bloodlines to be the determinant of station, position and inheritance. Royalty descends from royalty. Peerage, and all that.

Slaves of all sorts and colors also, and usually in vain, tried to keep track of the history of their families. Mormons are doing thins in the United States, and have noted that various "interest groups" have been noted to be introducing "noise" into the process.

I wonder why that would be??

I readily acknowledge that fiat is an illusion. I have stated that clearly and repeatedly. Many are aware, but yet continue to make it the central focus of their insect-like existence.

You must learn to differentiate between self-delusion and observing the delusions of others. Where do you, and I, fit in that equation?

All potential flows from the bloodline. Potential must be realized! A turbine can spin an AC generator, but useful work will not be realized unless there is a corresponding LOAD. No point creating energy and sending it to GROUND.

Real wealth is a subjective concept. Some are satisfied to accumulate massive numbers of fiat, or DEBT INSTRUMENTS, and turn their backs on their bloodline, thinking family no longer matters. How many times has that scenario played out?

Every human must determine for themselves what constitutes wealth. A philosopher may value an ascetic life...placing his or her time above the accumulation of physical possessions. Perhaps he or she will come to great understandings which benefit his progeny!

A BANKER may most highly value the subjugation of others, for whatever reason.

A politician craves an adoring crowd and the access it brings.

Would a million fiat "promises to pay" and a girlfriend, freely provided, complete your quest? So it would seem, as that is the only real tangible request you have made...and with such a POTENTIAL valuable resource at your disposal.

Sex and money....quite novel, actually. Who would have thought it?

You comment on your addictions to media distractions, and have correctly noted that your progeny have the same predilections. I would assume that you have made the connection between these two facts!

Think of how the very young learn languages from their parents. Mimicking the sound pattern and watching the actions and reactions from word patterns, facial expressions and tone. Dogs are trained the same way of course.

Children have a functioning command of language before general structured education begins. Of course, in general, what is taught is a REINFORCEMENT of what the young have already learned. The same takes place in social mores and expectations as well. The parents are PROGRAMMED to teach their young certain patterns of belief and society, through religion and media REINFORCE these mental constructs.

Harvard did a 30 year study tracking the progeny of various segments of society to confirm or refute the "beautiful lie" of the american dream...wherein it is held that anyone can aspire and rise to any level of society. While there are notible standouts to every finding, statistically, young humans generally track their parents in the major socioeconomic indicators to a highly statistically significant level. In other words, no-one is going anywhere, but the DREAM of things being otherwise is most useful!

Do you know, sir, that the percentage of serfs signing 30 year mortgages who actually READ the document is statistically ZERO? Even the most educated amounst you do not read a document which will consume over 30% of your working life income? Amazing to most!

I assume the above will answer your question(s) relating to children and the education of them. YOU alone, will set their trajectory and define their life. Choose wisely!

Memories are accumulated experiences, without the timeline component most assign. You survive because you ALREADY access these data, although you may be unaware. Think of all the functions the subconscious manages without your conscious thoughts (respiration, muscle movement, heart beat, etc). Subconscious also regulates your stored experiences and DNA history. Sad that the subconscious is an ALIEN aspect of your being!

You are genetically predisposed to survive NOW, and you do that very well. For those still predisposed to linear time, research the work of Dr Otto Warburg and the cellular research he completed in the 1930's. He demonstrated that the cells live indefinately until the local environment becomes fouled! Imagine that! One lives until they drown in their own filth! Curoiusly, his work was done on CHICKEN cells...

Most true and EASY to understand!

Note that I have already provided the receipe for immortality, freely and without obvious gain. Note also that this GIFT was generally met with scorn, derision and disbelief! What many would consider the most precious of gifts...swept aside and largely ignored!

While I am not at all surprised, it is baffling how stupid humans have allowed themselves to become.

As to the balance of your questions, they have already been addressed or are inane and not worthy of my attention.

Keep in mind that, in your linear time perception, it will require 6 months to two years to receive the full benefits you are just now starting to realize. Each and every cell in your body will regenerate over the two year period and you will be "re-birthed" as a new human, in line with the original objectives given freely to you, and others so willing.

Your blood will be completely rejuvenated and your life trajectory altered in a most positive sense. You will not know sickness, depression or sadness. You will be prepared for any impediments which may come your way and see, as we do, that these are LEARNING EXPERIENCES which greatly benefit YOU and your PROGENY. You will ultimately gravitate to other like minded humans and find a suitable mate who shares your philosophy of life. Your family will be healthy and strong as those OTHERS will fall by the wayside. You will see this for yourself!

The truly amazing thing is that you need not search for ENLIGHTENMENT...it will find YOU! Be diligent in your studies! Devote the majority of your waking hours to study as it will pay you back one-million-fold! Do not engage in drudgery and do not accept "work" which does not fulfill your mind and spirit!

Note that the plant book was written in the 1980's. Would you not expect that such research would be taught in every so called institution of higher learning? Note also that you have seen, for yourself, the POWER which RIGHT LIVING imparts. Despite your PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE, one of your "peers" has already tried to cast doubts upon what you yourself have learned. Try to explain why a human would try to dissuade you from helping yourself instead of learning the WAY and benefiting themselves? DO not grow angry at those who choose to ignore WISDOM and realize that they, themselves, choose to remain enslaved. FREE WILL affords them this RIGHT!

Hm, since humans only act in enlightened self interest, what is your gain from helping this person to continue his/her path? And what is your gain from imparting your wisdom to this forum? Please do not take this question as a sign of ingratitude.

How large is the bloodline? Is it like your immediate family, and extended family, or is it something like entire races?

How many different bloodlines are there on earth? I somewhat remember your earlier post about possible bloodlines that someone belonged to, and I cannot remember exactly but I think I counted up to 7-10 bloodlines that was listed on this forum. Is that all the bloodlines on earth?

When one person of one bloodline marries another person of another bloodline which bloodline does the child belong to?

Does your bloodline marry inside the bloodline only?

If I were to decide to live on a self sustaining life with my family/bloodline and other people in my family/bloodline would not want to participate for what ever reason, should I just...sorta leave them off the 'list' for lack of better words and just start the bloodline "enlightenment" on my own and eventually distance myself from my other bloodline members who do not respect the bloodline so that way I can instill absolute obedience in my children without interference?

Any Information regarding to how to start getting the whole family, not just myself, into this bloodline perfection would be great. Yes I know you covered a lot of information on this topic but most of your messages seem to be directed to the individual improvement, and directly their children, not about their own parents, other living relatives etc, you know what I mean? I hope I am clear enough.

The COLLEGE process is but a form of bondage or slavery befalling the middle class progeny. Either the family, or the offspring, incur enormous expenses for dubious benefits. Note that almost all graduates from University still are woefully ignorant of financial issues, know how to read a contract...etc...etc. The importance of the STUDENT DEBT as a tool of enslavement cannot be overstated. Savvy observers have already noted that STUDENT DEBT cannot be extinguished through the bankruptcy process...curious WHY that would be? Take the advice of a wise man who once admonished others to "follow the money". In this case, Goldman Sachs will be one of the firms found at the trails end. STUDENT DEBT is a huge expense, a huge profit for some and literally KILLING the middle class once and for all.

If one wishes to be educated, there are myriad ways to accomplish the acquisition of a REAL education. For those too stupid to see through the educational sham, it is their choice and their fault. None others...and the juice from this particular fruit will be VERY bitter for those who choose to partake.

The Income Tax "system" is an intellectual construct designed to obfuscate and confuse...and it has been wildly successful. It is one of the main reaping/harvesting devices.

In order to understand the system of confiscation, you must have a cursory understanding of contract law, which is remarkably easy to obtain if one is willing to turn off the idiot tube and apply ones self to the acquisition of knowledge. Doubtful.

Second is the understanding of the fact that words mean things. Further, words are empty vessels to which meaning can be filled. Under contract law, words carry the meaning that the contract drafters assign. Read a REAL contract and you will see that, after the recitals, generally come definitions. What are definitions, you ask? Whatever the contract drafter SAYS they are.

Example, you are writing a contract that says "The word GREEN, for purposes of this agreement, shall be held to mean RED", as defined by a standard Pantone color chart. You sign this contract in order to obtain a drivers license, and have therefore accepted this meaning of the word green. Chances are that you did NOT read the contract, but merely signed the form that the drivers license official stuck in front of you and told you to sign. SHEEP!

You are subsequently ticketed by a corporate armed militia employee and charged with running a green light. You go to the local court and become tongue tied trying to unravel a Gordian know of nonsense.

Good luck with that one.

There are ALWAYS ways to avoid the trap. I have already explained this in great detail, and most of your other questions as well. Why do you not take the time to READ AND LEARN?

Your question about men forcing women is STUPID to the extreme! A woman will follow a man if he is deemed worthy of following. Are you worthy of following? DO you have requisite skills? Are you a good provider? Can you provide a safe environment? Do you demonstrate courage and leadership under fire?

Certainly not. Most relationships in the first world countries are not based on these traits, and thus do not survive the onslaught which comes later.

Seemingly you do not grasp the basics, and are not in a state of readiness to learn important information. COme back when you are so prepared.


## More...

## Spirituality

Spirituality is a human construct, and like all illusions, plays a part in the development of "things".

Is it a spiritual force that turns a windmill? A child might think so until the mechanics of asymmetrical earth heating, which make the wind blow, are well understood.

a windmill turns, and energy is harvested. A scientific explanation for a "mystical" phenom.


----

## Children

Why does a small child poke a box turtle?

Why does a small child study an anthill intently...and then smash it under his heel? That universal unknown.

Does it make me feel superior? not really. A freak show? No.

Perhaps there is a part of me that hopes for the growth of others. Perhaps I feel a duty to remain open to helping others I deem worthy. As a matter of honour, I will not lie...as a matter of practicality, I will not play Socrates.

Come up with your own intellect and stretch your thinking.


What if this education process...this intelligence...is already inside you! And the "educational process" is nothing but unlocking the secrets within.

To whom does the responsibility lie to unleash this infinite potential?

Is it I that is evil for not teaching you to do what you are already equipped to do?

This logic is perplexing, except for the fact it is entirely consistent with the nature of your problem.

What is the Rothschild's home schooling like?

It is difficult to explain in terms that are easily understood.

If one wished to teach the ways of the wolf to their offspring, the infant would be placed in a wolf's den

----

## Conspiracy

Who runs the world? Well, YOU do of course.

Wherever I travel, I see a lot of YOU's out there busy running the world. And I also see that you run the world based on your precepts of how things work and such. Little algorithms, constantly operating in the background. Where on Earth did THEY come from?

And of course, being children, things go wrong when bad or selfish decisions are made. Bogey-men are thus created to absorb the blame...deep dark evil forces that make things go bump in the night. THEY are the reason for all this trouble! Bad, bad men!

I suppose another way to put it that you might understand better, is that the world is run by men who truly understand the dark nature of the human spirit. So, YOU provide the evil and these men create scenarios where they know how you will react. It is scary how accurately refined these rule-based systems have become. Ironically, THESE men of "knowledge" must keep their "hands" clean! Must! Or the MAGIC goes!

Oh! Sweet Irony!!

Believe me when I say that the efforts to suppress come from immediately above your station. Those who have a few extra comforts that you don't and that want to maintain your submission so that they can maintain theirs.

The real masters are the intellects who suggest in a suggestible way that which you cannot resist.

Did you know that the US porn industry is now larger than the Hollywood box office? Well over 10 billion! But ask anyone if they watch porn and you will likely be told NO!.

Who is the evil, dark force here? The entity who understands human lust and provides for it? The consumer of the lust? Would the porn industry exist if its services were not in demand? Would it end tomorrow if people chose to NOT watch porn? Of course. So, pick your evil!

Of course, the "secret(s)" has/have made more than one bloodline powerful beyond belief, and there are struggles. Ultimately, one will win out..so that's interesting!

What is released into the social/media consciousness is NEVER an accident! Is it all in accordance with an agenda.

Romance movies, for example, can create discord within a family...and the family is where the bloodlines reside. Human females are easily subverted and largely selfish. I could comment in greater depth, but this would result in the activation of racism "subroutines"! I Know the power of THAT!

There are events which will come to pass, and others that will not. Looking at this site will educate those who understand that "doom distraction" is a powerful tool...a very useful tool of distraction.

Of course every family bloodline should prepare for whatever eventuality they can reasonable imagine...but taken to an extreme it is counterproductive. Can you REALLY prepare for an ELE? No, but you CAN prepare for a famine and currency "collapse".

Know that the so called "financial collapse" is a fiction, and preparing for a new financial system already established.

And yes, the ownership is largely complete. Realize that this is the result of generations of meticulous planning, execution and, dare I say it, GENIUS!

Of course, one can question the GENIUS aspect. If a bloodline knows exactly what will "happen", is it GENIUS?

I submit the unraveling of the mystery of the ages allowing this knowledge to be had is genius beyond that of human comprehension.

There was no "truth" in the MATRIX movie, per se.

There was a LOT of subliminal programming and suggestion which was most effective!

Fear is a human construct! Think on that. It is within your scope to live without fear. Truly the beginning signs of evolution!

Think back of all the fears you have had in your life! How many really panned out in any meaningful way? Even those events which had a "bad ending"...it is only bad in a limited and contextual way. Context is very important, as is perspective! Numerous examples abound!

The universe does not necessarily serve us, but it provides all which is needed...and more.

Someone posted a thought about the amount of energy between ambient and absolute zero is nearly infinite. The energy contained within an atom is beyond human comprehension!

What happens on the internet is a good example of the human de-volvement, for lack of a better word. A kernel of "truth and knowledge" emerges, from whatever source, and immediately a swarm of humans take that kernel and grind it into a useless meal. It is quite perplexing, but an example of some self-styled "messiah" trying to emerge as a leader for usually selfish reasons. Humans are quick to sacrifice their own at the altar of "beautiful lies" for even the smallest advantage!

For many years, human governments were pitted one against the other...resulting in wars, famine and poverty...except for the banking classes! They benefited greatly from war! And still do. As the era of the nation state comes to a close...on the cusp of a global world order...competing nations will give way to class warfare and ultimately competing bloodlines. Poor Chinese will hate rich chinese...poor americans will hate rich americans...europeans the same. Poor will wage war against the "rich" much larger scale than nation states. Perhaps you are seeing this play out now!

"Chosen" for survival and propagation of the "species", I suppose. "Chosen" to assert our history and bloodline. "Chosen" is a misnomer however...we are engaged in an EPIC struggle, as are you.

The purpose of the world government is to assert total control of the "masses" and harvest their "energy".

In a sense, there is no "future". Currently, you note a consolidation of the few remaining countries without a "central bank"...and how rapidly this is occurring. Look for Syria next to fall, and fall quickly.

North Korea has already cut a deal under the aegis of China...feit accompli. Cuba has also agreed to the North American integration once Fidel "passes".

That leaves IRAN. And biblical prophesy. The fallout from that conflict sets the stage for the true new world order as has been broadcast in the media for the last 13 years or so.

Of course, humans have free will. However, free will without intelligence, imagination and the "will" to evolve is meaningless. Similar to giving an infant the keys to a vehicle...what are they going to do with all that potential?

Money is meaningless. Only power matters.

And we have all that is needed.

From where does your POWER come from?

Stress comes from large deltas of differential!

lightning, battery power, and social strife. There have to be polarities!!

The bigger the differential, the bigger the reaction!

At some point, the remaining bloodlines will be similar enough in power and stature to know that coexistence is the next logical evolutionary step....referred biblically as the thousand year peace. At that point, there wont be many left, at least relevant to the current population level. 500 million at most.

THEN things get interesting!

Thanks for playing!

----


## Money

We NEVER want you to pay it back...be it a pound or a penny.

the MAGIC is in the interest!

MAGIC I tell you!

INTEREST!

Borrow all the sweet, sweet candy you want, children!

Pay me only a bright copper or two!

Lovely children!

It would cost me exactly the same to lend or give you the trillion Euros!! And note that you, a well trained child, were POLITE enough to ASK me to LEND you something which has no value! Wonderful training!

Think of young children and their instinctive knowledge of "MINE". They grab things...claim things...and don't want to share.

Greedy Selfish Child! You WILL share.

Betrayed by their own parents!


The money doesn't "go" anywhere. You must understand the basics by now??

1) "money" is created on a fractional-ized basis, but has no intrinsic value. Rather, the federal reserve act of 1913 allows the Federal Reserve to create a money substitute which circulates the same as "real" money. The FRA makes the us citizens responsible for the "repayment" of all debts accruing from the use of these instruments.

2) Usury, or interest, is charged along the way. The owners of the Fed receive a cut of this interest. What is represented, of course, is the blood, sweat and energy of those so yoked. Which would be you, of course.

3) Thus, there is no issue with deficits and deficit spending, as your Mr. Cheney pronounced to great dismay. Of what difference if the debt is 15 trillion or 150 trillion...only the interest has to be paid...not the principal...

THERE IS NO PRINCIPAL!

It could not, by definition EVER be repaid...by design.

----

## Tesla


Hidden in plain sight!

There is a wealth of information available on Tesla's techniques. Ironically, few take the time to read them.

Very, very few.

Almost none. And Tesla's patents lay out a great starting point. But like your great aunt leaving a key ingredient out of her prize cake recipe, some work must be done.

Tesla was the real genius...not Einstein, not Edison.

Tesla had the "keys to the kingdom" within his reach! It was thus necessary to change the lock.

Tesla's patent attorney conducted a three day deposition in conjunction with a patent he filed on wireless energy transmission! The attorney was concerned that the patent language was insufficient to capture the genius and potential of Tesla's ideas. Read that, if you want some thinking material!

I have a scan of the original (containing some margin notes in Tesla's hand) and consider it one of the great works of the era. A true genius.


Read of Tesla. He is the real deal! Don't waste time with the hucksters on the internet, although tere are a few who acknowledge and are trying to continue Tesla's work...one hundred years later!

Have you studied quantum physics and can you grasp the "space within"?

The atomic world does not mimic the physical world! Yet the physical world is constructed of atoms?

Relative space between electron shells and nuclei exceed the relative space between sun and earth. Physical matter exists as nothingness. Memories and thoughts exist as electrical impulses?

Can waves and particles coexist?!?! How so if one accepts the idea of time? Does the concept of time not lock one into
a 3 dimensional realm at best, and thus, as teschen so aptly demonstrated, single-handedly DESTROYED entire universes of possibility! One small serf! Destroys WORLDS!

Perhaps you create your own prisons...you are your own wardens...locked away in the cells of your beautiful lies!

Dreaming of the sun instead of opening the cell door and experiencing it for yourself on ITS TERMS.


----

## Mental Health

Insanity is the manifestation of ones inability to reconcile different rule based systems "operating" on the same spatial plane.

The truth reveals the nature of the one true system.

That one true system manifests perfect clarity, which is the opposite of insanity. How could it be otherwise?

Boredom implies a lull in the expectation of future happenings. Were the boredom seen as permanent, then many would act out insanity algorithms. This website is a prime example of the waiting expect-ants!

Something is coming! Doom! Wealth! A beautiful man of woman who will whisk me away from my previously bad choices!!

The realm of belief is of ones own making! Can you deconstruct the illusions?

You must keep in mind that the nature of humans, such as it is, reveals the answer to your question.

And what is that nature, you may ask?

Well, it manifests in a variety of ways. Take human comfort, for example. You have likely heard of the STOCKHOLM SYNDROME...an interesting manifestation when humans are under some sort of duress....economic, physical, emotional...

In this case, the captive may develop unusual bonds with their captor. The kidnapped may form emotional alliances with those creating the oppression! AND FURTHER THE AIMS OF THEIR OPPRESSORS!

Humans seek approval, even from those who seek to oppress them! Humans crave to fit into, and meet, expectations...regardless (as it turns out) who/what so creates these expectations!

Humans need, and seek, roles in society which serve to define them and define their station in life. Once a human is so "engaged", they will stop at nothing to please their "superiors".

Take the role of surveillance in modern society (I refer here to video/checkpoints/"papers please" and the like). Is it necessary from our perspective??? NO. There is a cost to surveillance, as there is to all things, and every action causes a reaction...often creating other issues falling under the law of unintended consequences! We are VERY careful introducing new elements into controlled situations!

The surveillance system was not of our creation! It is your fellow humans seeking to protect their fiefdoms and monitor the activities of potential rivals!

Read about the "American" who was instrumental in establishing the FBI many years ago. As the story is now told, he created files and surveillance for political and personal reasons! The head of this bureaucracy was known for his predilections ...his love of men and desire to dress in women's clothes!

Most would consider that his eccentricities would not qualify him to stand in judgment of others, but there it is. Do you think someone subject to his particular form of abuse might benefit by knowing this? Could the captor not be controlled by someone in possession of such knowledge? Check! and Checkmate!

During the last great European war, the Polish population were oppressed by the National Socialist party, and the tool of oppression was none other than...wait for it...other Polish! Examples of this are rife in human history and easy to find. Why would the Polish people turn on their own? Small comforts and the approval of their oppressors.

The genius of the system established is the illusion of freedom and having humans act as their own jailers! It is amazing, even to us, how well the system functions.

However, as demonstrated above, those with just the slightest benefits accorded to them were ALL TOO EAGER to further subjugate their FELLOWS! Which continues apace.

Of course, we take the blame although we see no value in surveillance of this nature. It means nothing to us. We are more interested in controlling the course of "human events"

Those humans who feed off their peers (cannibals, in a sense) consume with a ravenous appetite which puts us to shame. They enjoy the sense of power and humiliation over those subjugated!

What will evolve, and very quickly as it now looks, is that they will learn, painfully, the magic of what we learned eons ago...the magic of incremental, almost Infinitesimal rates of change! It must be this way...and they will pay a dear price!

As to your current situation, you may discover that these same oppressors also function under the laws of cowardice. That is to say, it is exactly the ILLUSION of control and power which makes it so. You may, at your discretion, choose to opt out at any time you decide that you refuse to further participate!

Of course, under the order of NATURAL LAW you are free to do so at any time! It is your free will to do so.

I ask you, have you made ANY concrete effort to express your will in this regard?

And consider the Kyoto Effect! Any small action YOU take to change the course of your bloodline will have effects impossible for you to now comprehend. Remember that the longest journey begins with a small step.


----

## Class


Most cultures have lingual nuances which serve as class markers. For example, the Vietnamese by their annunciation and sentence structure "know" from what class the person they are engaging come from. Of course, the English are masters at this, as are the Indians and nearly every other group.

At a certain level of development, the markers change and become more rich in meaning...

So a child sees a Van Gogh and grasps pretty colors and swirls of light and contrast.

The more developed intellect sees the struggle of a man captured on canvas.

Same picture, different depth of meaning.


----

## Truth

The Totality! The All!

Do you really believe that that which you are can be hidden when operating in the TRUTH plane? It's a logic fallacy from the start.

Those of us operating in the TRUTH plane cannot lie, obviously!

There is no evil or good here.

These planes are so different that the lines of comprehension are impossible to bridge. And yet, I try.

Good nature! How I try.

Duality is one of the "beautiful lies".

Consider that darkness and light are ONE.

Good and Evil are ONE.

We (or I should say YOU) fight yourselves!

Can you not see that??

YOU fight YOURSELVES.

WHILE you fight YOURSELVES, others pick your pockets.

Who is the greater fool?

WHO is truly at fault? YOU for fighting yourself, or others, who rob you while you struggle?

That is why you are viewed as foolish children.

You will have a place at the table when you have proven yourselves worthy.

And don't think you are not being WATCHED and EVALUATED

----

### Blood

Well, Reptilian is an emotionally charged word here, and elsewhere. So please forget the reptilian reference for now and consider the following "facts" and "questions"...

Who are the "Children of Israel?" Why was their seed blessed? Why were they told not to inter-marry with other people and to circumcise their sons for identification? Why were they told to preserve their geneology? Where did Adam and Eve's sons go to get their wives, if they were the only "humans" on earth?

Many scientists believe that modern man evolved from ape-like primates. They have much proof to back up their theories, including modern blood analysis and comparative studies between modern man and lower anthripoids, such as the chimpanzee and the Rhesus monkey.

It has been proven that the majority of mankind (85%) has a blood factor common with the rhesus monkey. This is called rhesus positive blood. Usually shortened to Rh positive. This factor is completely independent from the A, B, 0 blood types.

In the study of genetics, we find that we can only inherit what our ancestors had...except in the case of environmental or selective mutation. We can have any of numerous combinations of traits inherited from all of our ancestors. Nothing more and nothing less. Therefore, if man and ape evolved from a common ancestor, their blood would have evolved the same way. Blood factors are transmitted with much more biological precision than any other characteristic. It could be argued from scientific scrutiny that modern man and rhesus monkey have had a common ancestor sometime in the "past". All other earthly primates share this Rh factor. But this leaves out the people who are Rh negative. If all mankind evolved from the same ancestor their blood would be compatible. Where did the Rh negatives come from? If they are not the descendants of prehistoric man, could they be the descendants of planetary travelers?

All animals and other living creatures known to man can breed with any other of their species. Relative size and color makes no difference. Why does infant's haemolytic disease occur in humans if all humans are the same species? Haemolytic disease is the allergic reaction that occurs when an Rh negative mother is carrying a Rh positive child. Her blood builds up antibodies to destroy an ALIEN substance (the same way it would a virus), thereby destroying the infant. Why would a mother's body reject her own offspring? Nowhere else in nature does this occur naturally. This same problem does occur in mules - a cross between a horse and donkey. This fact alone points to the distinct possibility of a cross-breeding between two similar but genetically different species.

Why does "science" (ie, the little peoples science)fail to explain how Rh negative is possible? Those familiar with blood factors, admit that Rh - humans must at minimum, be a mutation (if not descendants) of a different ancestor. If a mutation, what caused the mutation? Why does it continue with the exact characteristics? Why does it so violently reject the Rh factor, if it was within their own ancestry? Who was this ancestor? Difficulties in determining ethnology are largely overcome by the use of blood group data, for they are a single gene characteristic and not affected by the environment.

The Basque people of Spain and France have the highest percentage of Rh negative blood. About 30% have (rr) Rh negative and about 60% carry one (r) negative gene. The average is only 15%-Rh negative, while some groups have very little. The Oriental jewish people of Israel, also have a high percent Rh negative, although most other Oriental people have only about 1% Rh negative. The Samaritans and the Black Cochin jewish also have a high percentage of Rh negative blood, although again the Rh negative blood is rare among most black people.

Could the Basque people be one of these colonies? Or could it have been the original colony on earth? The origin of the Basques is unknown. Their language is unlike any other European language. Some believe that Basque was the original language of the book of Genesis. Some believe it was the original language of the world and possibly of the creator.

Genesis 6:2 "The sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and took them wives, all of which they chose." Who were the children of these marriages? Genesis 6:4 "God came into the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, and the same became mighty of old." From the King James Bible dictionary we find: "menchildren - men of Israel, male children of God, not children of man - Ex. 34:23." Ex. 34:7 states "The iniquity of the father will be unto the children unto the fourth generation." It is plain that something is inherited, could it be the blood?

Blood is mentioned more often than any other word in the Bible, except God. These two words you will find on almost every page, blood and God! (The blood of the Gods?) This message has been written for thousands of years. There is a connection between the blood and the Gods.

The American Indians had the tradition of making good friends, "blood brothers", if they thought they were worthy. Could this tradition have been for a reason? Could they have actually been checking to see if they were blood brothers (the same type blood)? The clumping (aggulation) that occurs when Rh positive and Rh negative blood are mixed is visible to the naked eye. Could they have been told, by their ancestors, that their blood was different from that of the rest of mankind except for their brothers and sisters, from other tribes, scattered throughout the earth. Indian tradition declares that their ancestors were of cosmic origin. The Indian totem pole is actually a family genealogy.

Why all this preoccupation with genealogy among different people scattered throughout the earth? No other animal on earth has this preoccupation with ancestry. Where did this tradition come from? People scattered throughout the earth, who have had no-known contact with each other all simultaneously have the urge to chart their family tree? Why? How important could this have been to primitive cave men? Struggling to survive, to chart their genealogy? They had no understanding of modern genetics and inheritance. So why should they preserve their genealogy? Were they told to preserve their heritage, until a future date when they would return and it would be understood? Until a time, like now, when their descendent would be able to understand the message they were leaving.

Although they probably didn't realize the importance of preserving their genealogy, they may have believed that future generations would understand. Are we that future generation? Was there a message left for us to understand? Do we have the courage to look for the answer?

Do we really want to know or would we rather keep our heads buried in the sand? What we don't know will still affect us. You will not see unless you look. Only through knowledge will we find truth.

Rh negative blood has not evolved on earth in the natural course of events.

For many years people have been searching for the wrong thing. Could the true "missing link" actually be man himself? The unknown link between earth and the stars - hybrid man. Is man the missing link between primate and extraterrestrial?

Upon x-raying the tomb of Makare, high priestess of Ammon, it was found that the infant buried with her labeled Prince Moutenihet was actually a female hamadryas baboon. An examination of Makare showed she had given birth shortly before dying.

The "others" who you so misunderstand have engaged you to our mutual benefit and survival!

Deprogramming is common...the norm. Why do you think so much is invested in the "education" system and media "programming". Those who are evolving faster are ostracized by their own...held back... instead of being "groomed" to become the teachers and leaders of "their people". Who among you have not seen THIS dynamic at work...perhaps in your own lives!

Children, even Rh+, have great powers of perception and much latent "power". Some are able to "activate" and represent the evolutionary force at work. HOW they activate, and to what end, is cause for great and continuing speculation.

The evolutionary process is "known", but also a wildcard. Bloodlines are genetic "purifications" at work and span centuries. As with crops, a wild seed blowing at the wrong time can wreck havoc on the most carefully laid "plans".

This is why control is so very necessary.

Higher copper is relevant and a factor from the environment of early development of the Rh-'s.


Note that many ethnic groups try and protect their bloodlines. Indians with their arranged marriages and so forth. Look at the efforts by Israel to prevent their offspring from mating outside of the tribe. LOTS of stress on that one as the kids have fallen from the "faith".

The tools to dilute opposing bloodlines has been VERY effective. Look at white women who are now breeding with negroids...THAT would have been unheard of even a generation ago...but now it is paraded as being progressive!

However one feels about any particular race, all that is necessary to do is look at the prevalent characteristics and decide if future generations would benefit or be detrimental to their future growth. Negroid race has a lower IQ...that is a FACT beyond debate, and is documented but not publicized for obvious reasons.

How many of you have heard the expressions "to err is human" or "nobody's perfect".

Do you believe these concepts? Any clue how these concepts became immortalized into the human lexicon and disseminated to virtually every child at an early age? Do most human parents reward or punish failure?

How many "of the faith" have heard that the pope and the catholic church are "infallible"? Where did that message come from? Have the actions of the pope and catholic church demonstrated infallibility from virtually any metric or perspective?

Consider that to err implies failure of some sort. Of course, there are errors of different magnitude, but it would be prudent to reflect if the magnitude of the error really is relevant. Is an error an error?

One must ultimately decide if perfection is attainable in general, and specifically to ones bloodline. If the belief is that perfection is unattainable, it is game over. Does not matter one iota beyond that point what one does.

If one has become aware of perfection as a very real state of existence, and desires perfection, then all decisions will flow to that end. How could it possibly be otherwise.

The concept of bloodline must be considered in its most elemental understanding. There is ones bloodline and everything else. An amusing cover on the American publication of the New Yorker (I believe) depicted a cartoon-ish drawing of the world...appropriately labeled NEW YORK and then EVERYWHERE ELSE. The joke being that New Yorkers are essentially "New York Centric" there is New York and then EVERYWHERE ELSE. This attitude is imbued in the very fabric of the city and reflected in its peoples actions, mannerisms and attitudes. It makes New York uniquely what it is. Political decision flow from that baseline! Love it or hate it, it is a path and a choice!

Similarly, there is really only ones bloodline and then everything else is OTHER. If other, by definition, it is an outside entity...the natural order sees the OTHER as a natural competitor for resource and energy allocation. A human buys a parcel of land overrun by trees and weeds. He clears the land in order to build and, of necessity, wipes out the trees and weeds...pulling them by the roots and throwing them in the fire. Are the trees and roots the humans competitors? Technically yes, for had they evolved the means and tools to defend the "use" of the land, that defense mechanism would have certainly been deployed. The human of course does not regard the trees and weeds as a "threat" for he has superior tools and intellect. He applies these to the job of clearing and prevails.

The analogy could continue further considering that as the human evolves, other threats emerge to consume his labor. The city wants permits to build and demands annual tax extraction of labor to avoid harassment...the point being that, like layers of an onion, numerous levels challenge the status quo.

Alien is defined as that external to ones bloodline. Does it really matter if the Alien is a human bloodline or what would be considered extra-terrestrial? Perhaps only from the standpoint of the bloodlines evolution towards perfection and the knowledge and power it can bring to bear...then what difference does the source of the threat mean?

Consider that plants are fully sentient. Of course they lack sensory organs that humans use, but consider the possibility that they have evolved beyond your level of comprehension and have no need for such organs. Could you learn from a plant? Would you? How would that change your perspective to know that every single plant had a superior intellect and knew what you intended to do.

The green sea slug has been discovered to have obtained the ability to strip chlorophyll from algae it consumes and integrates the algae to allow the slug to obtain energy from photosynthesis. Once the green sea slug has its initial meal, it need not dine again its entire life. Will that not impart some benefit to the green sea slug not enjoyed by other, lowlier slugs? Is it the duty of the green sea slug to so educate other slugs outside of its genetic footprint?
What is the green sea slugs NEXT MOVE? It just freed itself up from the big burden of gathering food and has time to spare!! EVOLUTION PEOPLE! The Indian gentlemen I referred to earlier has evolved the same capability and the scientific community was tripping over itself to prove he was a fraud. Why? because it upsets the status quo. The order MUST, and will, be rearranged to accommodate this new human ability...but not without a fight from the humans so affected!

Fight progress, humans!!

There is so much going on! Accept that you know NOTHING at all. That which you believe you know is incorrect. You are an infant, but filled with bad information. The tragedy (for you anyway) isn't that it happened, but that you would be unable to UNDERSTAND that the knowledge of your academic betrayal is irrelevant! You cannot grasp that by knowing that you don't know, you are now free to begin the journey TO knowing. Humans, almost to a person, MUCH prefer to use the revelation as a self pity party. Your breeding demands it!

Pity, that!

It's all about the bloodlines.

The bush bloodline is of no relevance, except to them. They are regarded as one would a low-brow neighbor who unwittingly came into some undeserved windfall. They won't be a factor.

Why do you suppose these electron clouds aggregate in different forms then? Why not one soul per electron shell and elimination of the whole prey/predator dynamic? Why the need for separate beings/bloodlines?

In scientific inquiry, one attempts to observe and catalog "facts", from which generalities follow, which, if exceptions are not found, become LAWS.

Such as NATURAL LAW.

Another model creates theories based on un-observable phenomena and assumptions which must be taken on faith...from which sweeping conclusions are drawn. Religions are particularly adept at this; the beautiful lie!

Sadly, this seems to be your model. Other than what you have correctly observed relative to NATURAL LAW...the behavior of the hawk and mouse...your other assumptions are just that...assumptions. So much hoo-hah.

You reduce the NATURAL LAW and the NATURAL ORDER to the absurd conclusion that the prey lost the "lottery of life".

You conclude the hawk had no choice to be other than what it had been conditioned and programmed to be. Why? Because it fits your pre-conditioned expectations. How does your model encompass the idea of growth, mutation and natural selection?

How do you know that the eating of prey is the ONLY choice the hawk has? HOW DO YOU KNOW THIS? Maybe it is simply the easiest way?

Using federal reserve notes/fiat is SIMPLE! Easy!

But can't willing social participants exchange tangible goods and services between themselves without the use of fiat? Hasn't that been the norm of human commerce? Could YOU conduct your commerce without fiat? And, if so, they why do YOU choose a medium so clearly destructive to you, your family and your nation?

Look at post WW1 Germany and see what Hitler was doing...which essentially rebuilt the shattered german economy within 5 years of his taking power.

In my travels, I often am amazed at the sharp diving lines in urban areas between the haves and have nots. What compels the have nots to stay where they are?

Humans are notorious for making bad choices and blaming others, fate, the government or whomever for the sorry state of their condition. Look at the fast food industry growth and the rise in health care costs. HFCS, Pharma, vaccines and so many others...and yet stupid humans just keep marching to the same tired beat.

----

## Genetics

You are probably familiar with the Genome project!

The "public" sequencing was for human consumption, but as with all things military, what is known is not relevant...it is what "you don't know you don't know".

THIS is where the magic lies! And it is already a fait accompli!!

THE BIBLE CODE was, of course, an elaborate hoax...but created much buzz some years back. Now imagine if all of human history were encoded in the DNA helix and could be accessed in its completeness! Wouldn't THAT be interesting!

Now consider that all human history, both "past" and "future" were so encoded! Wouldn't you like to have a drop of THAT precious blood...and the necessary decoding "software"? Would you trade a few gold tokens for a roadmap of human history and HUMAN FUTURE?

-----


## Food

I believe one of the great inventions of the 20th century was to grind up the chicken parts and compress them into small nugets...submerge those nuggets in boiling grease, and then serve those hot nuggets with an artificially flavored, high fructose laden syrup to make them edible.

What a concept! I wouldn't even have the nerve to propose such a thing!

Let them eat entrails!


Have you explored the wacky world of fats and oils? Look up a book by a chap named Erasmus, I believe.

Anyone suffering from any autoimmune disorder should look closely at their diets. Humans are designed to run on high quality plant oil and certain fats. They are also well advised to refrain from glutens and most carbohydrates.

Carbohydrates are the trojan horse for the pharma industry.

Meat is only used...occasionally...for ritual purposes. Those who have actually read the bible understand on some level the need and significance of "sacrifice" in the cosmic "wheel".

Ritual and symbolism are extremely relevant, but generally humans concern themselves with non-sense like comets and old calendars.

Generally, eat to your blood type. There is no universal diet...no one size fits all.

The human diet should be primarily fat, plant based is preferable...with proteins next based on the humans "lifestyle".

Carbohydrates should be avoided at all costs.

If one wishes to really stretch the mind, check out that Indian fellow who lives on sunlight alone. He is on a very productive path...and of course being mocked to no end...

If one chooses to pen and slaughter animals, one should consider the longer term ramifications of their actions. It is very simple-minded to think there are no consequences for the wholesale slaughter of "innocents"...particularly with so many better options available.

Think of the energy harvest, on one plane, the same as animal husbandry. You provide a minimum level of sustenance to maximize the "yield"...nothing more or less. You take care of the herd, but they also don't live in your space or partake of your "pleasures". They serve you at your pleasure. If you choose to slaughter...or milk...it is your decision and yours alone. You answer to no one, other than your family.

Psychedelics are an interesting topic. Synthetics, such as LSD-25 and its derivatives are useless noise.

DMT is the real deal. Ayuasca is one route, but requires rigorous rituals prior which most ignore. The shamans understand.

The problem without the preparations is that there is no framework of reference or understanding. You can access great historical works which explain much, but if you do not know the language in which they are written, it is a fruitless experience. One must be brought from the initiate stage through the preparation process to yield any true value. You may have noticed that the efforts to deceive are waning. Some believe it is no longer necessary.

According to American Indian folklore, any poison which occurs in nature, has its remedy within 3 meters.

You might be surprised to learn that every so called intractable position which one might find themselves, has a "remedy". Without exception! That is the natural law and it is observed "religiously"...so to speak.

The keys to YOUR kingdom are within YOUR reach. How could it be otherwise? But continue to blame others and look outside for your "answers" if it makes you feel better.

For me, I am a man of honor. I have committed to tell the truth and I do. If you can't formulate a question of importance, how is that MY issue? Keep in mind that there is no universal question for each bloodline has its own unique path and current state of development. How could it be otherwise?

----
## Politics

The presidents are NOT great or accomplished men. They are empty suits, willing to sell their souls for some simple comforts and perks.

If you think ANYONE in politics is worthy, do yourself a favor and volunteer to work on a campaign...state or federal level. That should give you an idea of the type of people who gravitate to "public service".

Those "great men" of power and position are often not "good men" and ALWAYS choose to stay outside of the media glare. You would not notice such men if you passed them on the street.

Buffet, for example, is a pudgy little sausage, taught and bursting with fat and excesses. To refer to him as an "oracle" of any kind is nonsense. These people develop connections whereby KNOWLEDGE is passed on a quid pro quo basis and "money" is "earned".

There is a well written book by an indian trader who explains that every large trade is made only when the trade outcome is already known. He tells a very accurate accounting of how financials and derivative markets operate. I believe his name is DAS or some-such. Now wrap your puny neural membrane around the fact the system of finance is a fraud upon its face. Learn the fraud!

-----

## Time

Please do not make the mistake of letting your "past" distort your "future".

There is an interesting fairy tale told within business schools which may apply. Thomas Watson Sr was the leader of International Business Machines (IBM), a corporate entity closely tied to the US military. Supposedly, an employee made a huge mistake costing the company millions of dollars (back when that meant something). The employee was summoned to Watson's office and assumed he was going to be fired. Watson Sr asked the employee to explain what happened and what he had learned, and then told him to go back to work. The employee was flabbergasted and told Watson that he had expected to be terminated. Watson said "I just spent 10 million dollars on your education! Do you think I want a competitor of IBM to benefit from that education?"

Think about how well you will be able to advise and guide your son! He is lucky to have a man of your "real world" experience to guide and mentor him! It is doubtful you will be spouting useless platitudes and harmless untruths! YOU, sir, Have been in the real world and lived to tell its tales!

You must have family members who can teach you the correct way to hold your son! Do not be deprived of this experience for both of your sakes! Also, if he is still an infant, skin to skin bonding is important.

Time is an artificial construct. A methodology utilized by simple minds to arrange events and thoughts in a linear fashion. Even though straight lines do not exist in nature!

Take a look at deep space...a nebula say...and then try to overlay the concept of human time to what you are observing.

As for the "future", of COURSE we create it! Through OUR choices and the imposition of our will. All in support of the well being and advancement of our bloodlines, of course.

We control YOUR "time", yes. We provide you with things to do!

There is no past, so no past events require change. And because we controlled the "future" when we were in the "past" why would we desire to change the "outcome"?

If you discard the concept of past and future, traditional thinking leaves only the NOW.

But NOW doesn't exist either, EXCEPT in only the most superficial sense of the word. Because humans have defined NOW in a way that has no relationship to NATURE or NATURAL LAW.

A drop of water, by experience and definition, can "exist" in a sense as a drop, but loses its "definition" when the drop enters the ocean. Does the drop cease to exist since it can no longer be observed as a drop? Is the ocean comprised of a series of drops? Or can the whole of the ocean be though of as holding the potential of being subdivided INTO drops. Before said sub-division exists,no drop exists. Once the drop enters the ocean, can that drop...that specific drop...ever be exactly reconstituted? Has the drop, or the ocean, changed? But, you say, I can extract a drop which is VERY SIMILAR, and thus good enough! But the drop is gone forever...never to be seen again and beyond control of the "dropper".

So if time were to be visualized as a "drop", and dropped into a larger medium comprised of "time drops", the individual time drop would cease to exist...have no past or future in any meaningful sense...but might be thought to contain all the aspects experienced during the formation of the time drop...but yet the time drop ceases to exist when entering into the time drop pool.

Things flow into other things. It is not linear, or modular, it is the operation of NATURE and NATURAL LAW and thus defies your conventions.

The analogy of how time units lack linearity is very similar to how the bloodline is influenced by each individual's "contribution". Understand that because the "past" and "future" do not exist, the "idea" of ancestors and descendants is equally meaningless.

The small minds cannot understand that the actions in the NOW (as you understand it) define both those that have "come before" and will come "after". Except that both "groups" exist with the NOW in the NOW. Do something, ANYTHING, and the bloodline is affected, ALL the bloodline!

So following the drop analogy a drop of blood into a pool of blood CANNOT be undone and cannot be reconstituted! The single drop has changed the blood pool permanently. As you perceive it, the current drop affects ALL of the drops that had been added before and all that WILL be added, will by definition and necessity be different than had that single drop we are discussing not have occurred!

No past, no future! Think and ponder that long and hard, Make those little neurons fire furiously in comprehending that truth!

Now, you say, why does my drop matter? Well, the cumulation of drops...of water OR blood, creates the environment in which things will, or will not develop!

Look at the bounty of life in the oceans of the world! Incalculable wealth and potential! Now dip your mental toe into the dead sea! Potential?? Not so much!

----

## Government

Someone posted a short video of a driver who refused to answer even the most basic questions when stopped at a Driving While Intoxicated checkpoint. Of course, under the US Constitution such stops without PROBABLE CAUSE are not legal. Firstly, 9 people out of 10 have not taken the time to read the Constitution, so they do not know their rights and thus do not know what statutory laws apply to them or not.

So rule one would be to learn the rights accorded to you under the highest applicable law. Example, a township statute cannot trump the Constitutional law.

Once a person is aware of their RIGHTS and DUTIES under the law, they know what laws and duties apply to them.

Second, if a demand is made not in compliance with the law, the person MUST refuse the request...ie, exercise their rights under the law. The driver in the example above did just that. After a few minutes of noise, the cop waved the drive through the checkpoint!

If even 3 out of 10 refused to comply, the checkpoints would come down! Systems of oppression require voluntary compliance! Remember that ratio...30% non compliance kills a voluntary system!

A golden nugget for those so awake.

Does the Constitution require a passport? Do all of the illegal aliens flooding into the US have the proper paperwork? No? Then why do YOU feel compelled to comply? Are you willing to cross the border as they do? No? Well then come in like a man, on your feet, BUT be prepared to stand your ground!

Why do you think the US has passed a "law" stripping the citizen of their Constitutional safeguards?

THIS....standing one's ground...is where the cowardice of most good citizens falls to pieces. They are under the delusion that obeying whatever crazy "laws" are implemented must be obeyed!

There are video cameras popping up all over the UK. Suppose that you object to their presence on your street.

First, is there a presupposition of privacy in the public space? An argument can be made either way.

Assuming that the cameras are legitimate, must you accept the decision of others which affects your peace-of-mind?

No! But the desires of others on your block must also be considered under generally accepted common law.

Let's say that 51% of the neighbors want the cameras gone. One could take the political route and demand their removal utilizing the various political "power" of a voting block of locals.

Failing that, the cameras can be vandalized! Take a look at any area of urban blight to see how its done and done effectively! The cameras might be repaired a few cycles but it won't last. It is much easier to break something than to keep it in repair...as we learn from the second law of thermodynamics...that beautiful concept of entropy!


----

## Economics

In the early pages of the book, Das relays his discovery that, in essence, the financial "free" markets are all manipulated and thus fraudulent. He states without equivocation that the outcome of ANY major trade made by connected institutions is pre-ordained. They KNOW before-hand what the results WILL be because they control the variables that drive the outcome. An unemotional, and correct, assessment.

What does Das do with the knowledge? THAT is the question!
Think of all the so-called financial "experts" who pour over charts and make "expert" recommendations based on what happened in the "past"! And the truly clueless will follow this worthless "advice". It's all nonsense! If one discovers that the financial markets are riggedi.e., they are not truly free markets which discover and set pricing based on underlying fundamentals between two knowledgeable and comparably situated individualsone would approach the financial market with a different operating objective, correct?

In other words, if Das understands that all trades will have a specific outcome decided by those in power, he will (assuming he is not a fool) focus on obtaining that same information the powerful have (or ascertain their intentions) rather than studying traditional metrics on which the uninformed rely in "betting" on the outcomes!
Is this not logical? One must clearly grasp the desired outcome of any situation, understand the underlying mechanizations which determine the outcome, and execute ones actions and choices accordingly.
