---
layout: post
title:  "March 2023"
date:   2024-03-13 00:00:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

### Books Reading:
[Memories Of Ice: Malazan Book of the Fallen, Book 3][moi] by Steven Erikson - Continues to be a work of poetry. The character development is amazing. ★★★★★<br>
[Can't Hurt Me: Master Your Mind and Defy the Odds][sd] by David Goggins - This guy is a monster, this was a book club book at Ford. The pain this guy can endure is phenominal. The biggest take away from this is being able to learn to control your mind to control your body.  ★★★

### Games Playing:
WoW Season Of Discovery! Still!<br>


### Log:
I held his hand.

My Dad told me that if you let him get a hold of you, he would grip you real tight and won't let go.

He squeezed back, but didn't hurt me. I gave him a hug and we exchanged "I love you's." I set Solomon on top of him to give him a hug and he told him I love you and goodbye and opened his eyes a sliver to let us know he was still there. The moment was bittersweet.

And then my mom laughed at the scene on the TV from the office where Kevin spills the giant pot of chili on the floor.

For some reason we sang Happy Birthday, although who's birthday was garbled. Not sure who it was for.

"He didn't get into anyone else's business."
"I couldn't think of a single bad memory of him."

RIP Grandpa, you were the kindest and most gentle soul a man could know.


Other than that, we're expecting again. This time will be a surprise! Real roller coaster of a week.


[moi]: https://www.amazon.com/Memories-of-Ice-Steven-Erikson-audiobook/dp/B00C2WLERM
[chm]: https://www.amazon.com/Cant-Hurt-Me-David-Goggins-audiobook/dp/B07KKP62FW
