---
layout: post
title: "March 2025"
date: 2025-03-30 00:00:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

### Books Reading

- [Bible: King James Version](https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/10)

### Games Playing

- [Stardew Valley](https://stardewvalleywiki.com/Stardew_Valley_Wiki) - Angela and I are playing this again. I missed playing it, I'm often reminded by us playing this for the first time. It's a comfy, addicting game. Finshing is OP. ★★★★★
- [Xenogears](https://youtu.be/GUpsbA5FtKY?si=o7p3Z_xxZ0NF5IzX) - Decided to play this after watching the Majuular video. I'm playing on my PS1 and CRT. The game is a bit slow, but the story is interesting. ★★★★★

### Log

EZEKIEL KEITH is born! The birth was much easier than last time, her water broke in the drive way at home and we met with my Mom on the road on the way to the hospital to drop Solomon off.

We drove up to Vanderbilt at like 7pm or so, she was 2cm dilated and by 2am she had gotten her epidural and was 8cm. 2am she pushed for 1.5 hours (better than 2) and he was out.

Epicardiogram for an hour and his little grip around my finger, later the Cardiologists came in and told us his heart was fine. He was born with a little bit of fluid in one of his kidney, but he's doing great now.

I had told Angela prior, that I would flip if this happened. We went to 3 different doctors that all had specializations in different areas and they all said the same thing.

GOD is good, hallelujah. The power of prayer is real. I prayed unending and in a way that I've never prayed before, I KNOW he healed his heart.

## Bible update

I decided every month going forward I'm going to read and study the books of the Bible in order.

Genesis.

How many children did Abraham have.
Why circumcision?
Why did Abraham tell people Sarah was his sister many times to get people in trouble?
