---
layout: post
title: "January 2024"
date: 2024-01-31 00:00:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

### Music Listening

- Continuing [Alzabo Soup](https://www.alzabosoup.com/) - I'm finishing _Sword of the Lictor_ now. ★★★★★
- **[Floating Points](https://floatingpoints.bandcamp.com/)**' _Crush_ - A synaptic ballet of glitch and groove. Makes dishwashing feel like tending to hydroponic gardens on Mars. ★★★★★

### Books Reading

- [Dune](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dune_(novel)>) by Frank Herbert - Wanted to read this for a while, it's better than the movies. ★★★★

### Games Playing

- [Kings Field II](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kings_Field_II) - Playing on PS1 and CRT. Clunky as a cybernetic knight, but its fog-drenched corridors hum with proto-Souls melancholy.

### Log

Solomon stopped waving goodbye. For a few months his tiny hand would piston through daycare windows as I reversed down Rachel's driveway - a metronome of trust.

He has been talking to his imaginary friends, Sky from paw patrol. Interesting to see that sort of thing happening so early. I wonder if he'll remember it when he's older.

He's also been pretty good at math, he can add 1+1-3 and 2+1-3. I'm not sure if that's normal for his age, but I'm proud of him.

---

### Poem: _Every Step on the Brake is Wasted Gas_

_A time to scatter stones_  
_and a time to gather them_  
_but the highway demands_  
_perpetual falling forward_

Your waving hand fossilized  
in rearview amber -  
first forgotten ritual  
of a hundred thousand surrenders

Polar shifts murmur through playground asphalt  
as we idling gods pump poisonous hymns:  
_What is saved_  
_by stopping?_

The toddler who mapped constellations  
in ceiling cracks  
now calculates escape velocity  
from my embrace

I press brakes  
to feel something _catch_  
while Earth's iron heart sputters  
unshielded  
in solar winds

---

The microwave clock blinks 00:00. Frost feathers the windows. Somewhere, a car alarm howls at the weakening magnetosphere.
